# CS-230

# Briefly summarize The Gaming Room client and their software requirements. Who was the client? What type of software did they want you to design?
The client Creative Technology Solutions is looking to expand their android app game called draw it or lose it to a web-based version that serves multiple platforms. This game consists of a four round game and allows one team to try guessing what an image is as it is rendered into perspective over a 30 second interval. If the team does not guess correctly within a one-minute time frame, then the opposing team has 15 seconds to try and guess the image. The construct of this game consists of having one single game instance in memory at any given time that consists of one or more teams. Each team will be made up of multiple players and both the team and player identifiers must be unique. To accomplish this task different platforms must be acknowledged separately due to each platform having different benefits and constraints that could help or hinder game development. To be able to do this we have to create unique identifiers for each game, team, and player instance. We must also implement a design that can verify these unique identifiers upon creation by comparing the identifier to all existing identifiers. 

# What did you do particularly well in developing this documentation?
I feel like I did well on determining the design constraints and analyzing the domain model. These steps seemed easier to me as they dont delve too deep in the individual platforms unique and varying architecture structures that by contrast was much more complex to understand and incorportate.

# What about the process of working through a design document did you find helpful when developing the code?
I found that using a design document makes developing the code more precise and streamlined due to taking the time to logically think about everything needed to accomplish the goal and everything that may hender its development before writing the code. For example looking at the executive summary and analyzing the requirements of the client allows the developer to start thinking about different ways that would accomplish those requirements and then look at the constraints that helps to further plan for the development lifecycle. After this we then look at the different platforms to determine each of their benefits and downfalls that would affect the application to determin which is better for the specific aplication.

# If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
I would definatedly choose the recommendation part of the document so that I could give a more precise and in detail depth to the recommendation. Specifically once I better understand the fine grained details of the different platforms that allow me to give very detailed instructions on how a platform can not only be chosen but the very precise set up and management of that platform to get the most optimum performance at the agreed upon budget.

# How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your software design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
Looking at the clients needs such as picture renderings, unique identifiers, and single game instances we were able to start looking at what platforms and styles would best achieve all of the goals in the best possible ways so that the user would not be negatively impacted. For example looking at the picture renderings we can determine the best way to deliver this to the user using methods such as file compression, paging, and cacheing so that they do not require large amounts of the users memory to run the game.

# How did you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a similar software application?
The approach that was taken for this software design was to imcrementally assess the different aspects of the game and build up to a logical design before ever beginning any of the coding. This allows for all the requirements, constraints, benifits, and pitfalls to be known in advance and a solution to be made that addresses them in the best possible way. This is much like designing and building a skyscraper where precise designs need to be drawn in advance of breaking ground so that the building meets the needs in a safe and efficient way. The alternative approach such as coding withoug a design could be completely useless by not incorporating the requirements, causing huge strains on the user device, and causing safety concerns that may result in scrapping the code to start over fresh.
